[Refactor Suggestions III] Functional and fully explicit (#21)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwb_benchmarks: docs/running_benchmarks.rst

Running the Benchmarks
======================

Before running the benchmark suite, please ensure you are not running any additional heavy processes in the background to avoid interference or bottlenecks.

Also, please ensure prior to running the benchmark that all code changes have been committed to your local branch.

For the most stable results, only run the benchmarks on the ``main`` branch.

> To run the full benchmark suite, including network tracking tests (which require ``sudo`` on Mac or Linux), simply call...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the full benchmark suite, including network tracking tests (which require ``sudo`` on Mac and AIX platforms due to the 
use `psutil net_connections <https://psutil.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#psutil.net_connections>`_), simply call...
```

.. code-block::

    sudo nwb_benchmarks run

Or drop the ``sudo`` if on Windows. Running on Windows may also require you to set the ``TSHARK_PATH`` environment variable beforehand.

Many of the current tests can take several minutes to complete; the entire suite will take many times that. Grab some coffee, read a book, or better yet (when the suite becomes larger) just leave it to run overnight.

Additional Flags
----------------

Subset of the Suite
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To run only a single benchmark suite (a single file in the ``benchmarks`` directory), use the command...

.. code-block::

    nwb_benchmarks run --bench <benchmark file stem or module+class+test function names>

For example,

.. code-block::

    nwb_benchmarks run --bench time_remote_slicing

Debug mode
~~~~~~~~~~

If you want to get a full traceback to examine why a new test might be failing, simply add the flag...

.. code-block::

    nwb_benchmarks run --debug

Contributing Results
--------------------

To contribute your results back to the project, all you have to do is `git add` and `commit` the results in the `results` folder.

> Due to the ``sudo`` requirement of the network tracking tests, if you ran ``sudo nwb_benchmarks run`` you will likely have to include ``sudo`` in the ``git commit`` as well; though this may also depend on whether or not you have ``pre-commit`` running locally.

Reviewer: Why would you need `sudo` for the `git commit`. If it is an issue of file access permissions, then I would suggest to change the file permissions first on the relevant files, rather than running git commands with sudo.

Author: It is due to the file permissions (at least on my M1 mac) from having to run `sudo` for the network tracking I assume

I'll see if I can rig an automatic `chmod` or similar

Author: Tried using `os.chmod` but couldn't get the right code to have the desired effect

Got it to work on my system via `subprocess` calls to `chmod` directly; removed that detail from docs since no longer necessary 

Though both you and Urjoshi should probably give it a try to make sure it works as expected

> 

Reviewer: I assume we should also create a local branch for new results, in order to open a new PR from the branch. I would suggest adding a brief example, e.g,:

```
git checkout -b "add/results/mymachine"
git add results/
git commit -m "New results from ...." .
git push
```

use `psutil net_connections <https://psutil.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#psutil.net_connections>`_), simply call...

.. code-block::

    sudo nwb_benchmarks run

Or drop the ``sudo`` if on Windows. Running on Windows may also require you to set the ``TSHARK_PATH`` environment variable beforehand.

Many of the current tests can take several minutes to complete; the entire suite will take many times that. Grab some coffee, read a book, or better yet (when the suite becomes larger) just leave it to run overnight.

Additional Flags
----------------

Subset of the Suite
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To run only a single benchmark suite (a single file in the ``benchmarks`` directory), use the command...

.. code-block::

    nwb_benchmarks run --bench <benchmark file stem or module+class+test function names>

For example,

.. code-block::

    nwb_benchmarks run --bench time_remote_slicing

Debug mode
~~~~~~~~~~

If you want to get a full traceback to examine why a new test might be failing, simply add the flag...

.. code-block::

    nwb_benchmarks run --debug

Contributing Results
--------------------

> To contribute your results back to the project, please use the following workflow...AIX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute your results back to the project, please use the following workflow...
```

Author: ?? what was that even from lol
